I believe there are answers in the sky
up there is where I have found the
greatest happiness
gentlemen to predict the weather could
save hundreds of thousands of lives
we're scientists not fortune television
you'll get your chance they'll realize
you're worth I think they know my worth
by well enough prove them wrong guys I'm
a really good aranaut I want to use what
I'm good at
women don't belong in front villas and
she makes such a show of herself
miss Wren I need to make studies of ya
I'm not a coachman for hire you are the
only person who could fly us higher than
anyone has ever been so will you
side begins
[Music]
don't you wish to be up there with them
some reach for the stars some push
others towards me
[Music]
[Applause]
well that's get wet is this balloon not
the strongest it's ever been even so I
can't fight the weather
I had a feeling they're not coming back
we are traveling into an unknown
stay right
[Music]